Add Approximate Start Date Data Quality report (#2136)
greenriver/hmis-warehouse: drivers/start_date_dq/README.md

## StartDateDq README

> Report to analyze differences between the client's self-reported start date (DateToStreetESSH) and the actual entry date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Report to analyze differences between the client's self-reported date homeless (DateToStreetESSH) and the enrollment entry date.
```
